
Legal information:

    Copyright (c) 1997 Kenneth Albanowski. All rights reserved.
    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

    Note: The CDE, which includes the CSA libraries and headers, is licensed
    by its owner, and no part of the CDE or CSA libraries or headers may be
    distibuted in violation of that license.

    Please do not distribute binaries of this module if it would violate
    such a license.

Useful information:

    This module provides Perl access to data stored in the Calendar Manager,
    which part of the Common Desktop Environment (CDE). The CDE is available
    for most UNIX platforms, and provides a friendly and standardized
    graphical user interface. As CDE is licensed software, it is not freely
    available, and must be purchased, either implictly as part of your OS,
    or explictly, as in RedHat's TriTeal CDE for Linux.

    For the purposes of this module, Sun's Calendar Manager is the same as
    the CDE Calendar Manager.

    To build this module, execute these commands:

        perl Makefile.PL
        make
        make test

    And, if the test is successfull, install (possibly as root) via:
	
        make install

	If all went successfully, your perl installation now has a new 'Csa'
	module, with which you can access Calendar Manager data.
	
    As this module operates by communicating with the CSA server, that
    server (probably called rpc.cmsd) must be running for this module to
    operate (and for the test to work.)
    
    Also, it is quite possible the test will break for some miscellaneous
    reason (guessing the wrong username or machine name, or an unimplemented
    function) that would not prevent you using the module.

Documentation information:

    At this time, no documentation is available, unfortunately. The test.pl
    file contains, at the end, some code that demonstrates what can be done,
    but no formal documentation is provided. For the most part, the calling
    conventions and the data returned are very similar to the CSA C
    functions.

Technical information:

    To build this module, you must have the CSA libraries and headers, which
    possibly may not be included with your base CDE installation. The key
    libraries are csa, tt, DtSvc, DtHelp, DtWidget, Xt, and Xm. The only
    header required is csa/csa.h. Makefile.PL assumes these exist in
    -L/usr/dt/lib, -L/usr/X11R6/lib, and -I/usr/dt/include.  The names might
    differ (in which case Makefile.PL and Csa.xs will need to be modified),
    but the files must be present somewhere.
    
    This module almost certainly leaks memory quite badly after returning an
    an entry list. In addition, the callback mechanism has been completely
    untested (I was unable to provoke any callbacks.)
    
    "We apologize for the inconvenience."

Other information:

    This module was written by Kenneth Albanowski <kjahds@kjahds.com>, with
    considerable assistance by Bharat Mediratta
    <Bharat.Mediratta@Corp.Sun.COM>. It would not existed at all save for
    the generous donation by Red Hat software of a copy of the TriTeal CDE
    Developers Edition for Linux.
